[Music]
today I came to DGI flagship store in
Shenzhen to buy the latest gadget from
DJI Osmo action camera summer will soon
begin and I need a new action camera for
my travel adventures with a price tag of
$350
Osmo action is $50 cheaper than gopro
hero 7 black which is considered the
best action camera this is the first
action camera from DJI and i can't wait
to test it as we are here let's check
out some drones as I may need one of
these puppies
[Music]
now let's go to some action and unpause
the Osmo action here we go this is the
new Osmo action camera dual screen HDR
11 meters waterproof 4k at 60 frames
super smooth image with Rocksteady let's
see what else I got
64 gigs sun disk memory SD card fast
enough to handle the huge bitrate from
the camera the cool thing is that all
these accessories are compatible with
the GoPro so there is a lot to choose
from
I got also one of these GoPro adapters I
will use it on my automobile gimbal
[Music]
now let's open the box and see what's
inside
[Music]
we have to mount adapters and USB type-c
charging cable the battery is coming in
a fancy box and of course we can't miss
the manual are you actually reading it
this is the camera itself my first
impression is the build quality DJI did
well on this no doubt about it
it feels heavy very similar to GoPro I
already have four good feelings about it
it comes with this protective shell here
is the time to mention that the camera
is waterproof as it is to 11 meters the
protective case is just to protect the
camera from damage this is how to insert
the micro SD card
[Music]
let's fire it up for the first time and
check out the settings the camera
supports 4k recording with up to 60
frames you can choose between mp4 and
MOV files however you have to know that
they both use the same product which is
h.264 and there is no difference in the
video quality in the color settings you
can choose between normal and dissing
alike profile this signal light is more
flat profile and you will need to color
grade your videos this profile allows
you to capture more details as it has
better dynamic range you can also choose
between auto on custom white balance
another cool feature is the voice
control you can use it to start and stop
recording we will test this later
[Music]
you can also create custom video
profiles with different settings this is
a very useful feature this allows you
fast to switch between different video
and frame formats the menu it's very
simple and intuitive we also have wind
noise reduction sound levels grids
scream sleep and screen power of
different languages to choose from
format SD card and factory reset this
reminds me to format the SD card as I
use it for the first time
we can also control the display
brightness the quick switch allows you
to quickly switch between different
profiles including your custom-made
video profiles the gesture control is
another cool feature you can tap with
two fingers on the back of the display
and the camera will switch to the front
display updating the firmware will bring
the rock steady in 1080 the rock steady
works only up to 60 frames
[Music]
now comes the fun part let's go to test
the camera and talk more about the video
quality
[Music]
when it comes to actual video quality I
can say that it's excellent in normal
code profile the picture is not over
saturated and you can work more with
colors and give your own look this is
one of the main differences compared to
the GoPro color profile
[Music]
what I don't like is that the picture is
too sharp if you switch to HDR then it's
better however you can't have a stable
video or Rocksteady is not working there
will be good if DJI gives an option in
the settings to control the sharpness I
think the biggest problem with this
camera is the cropping when the rock
steady its own and the problem is that
you have to use it all the time because
we doubted the image is too shaky here
is a video test without Rocksteady and
this is when it's on it's pretty
impressive I would say the image it's
more stable than GoPro Hero 7 however
the cropping is significant stop
recording stop recording take photo
screen switch
shut down here is a video test of me
running with the camera the video looks
super stable the last is the night video
test anyway I don't recommend action
cameras for night shooting with all good
and bad the DJI Osmo action is one of
the best action cameras let's not forget
that was just released and DJI will
improve the software in the coming
months until then stain action and as
always don't forget to subscribe like
and comment
don't be shy as my vacation starting
soon expect more videos from Osmo action
see you in the action
[Music]